feat(scaffolder): add RepoOwnerPicker (#32105)
backstage/backstage: docs/features/software-templates/ui-options-examples.md

The supported `additionalScopes` values are `gerrit`, `github`, `gitlab`, `bitbucket`, and `azure`.

If you're also using the `RepoUrlPicker` field extension, you should simply duplicate this part from there.

## RepoOwnerPicker

The input props that can be specified under `ui:options` for the `RepoOwnerPicker` field extension.

### `host`

The SCM integration host that owners should be fetched from for autocompletion.

- Fetch owners from `github.com`

```yaml
repoUrl:
  title: Repository Owner
  type: string
  ui:field: RepoOwnerPicker
  ui:options:
    host: github.com
```

> This value will be overriden if a different host is specified in a `RepoUrlPicker` field extension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This value will be overridden if a different host is specified in a `RepoOwnerPicker` field extension.
```

Reviewer: Ah sorry I misunderstood the behavior, see the most recent comment: https://github.com/backstage/backstage/pull/32105#discussion_r2622081873
